# Learnning-is-the-future
Project Learning is the future: Non-profit project, created to collect donations in cryptocurrency aimed at helping many Venezuelan families who do not have the economic capacity to buy their children the school supplies they need to start their studies. The Venezuelan's economic situation makes it impossible to acquire school supplies so that Venezuelan children can start the new 2018-2019 academic period. We set the following objectives as a priority to carry out the project: Raise the amount of $ 1500 that will be distributed as follows: 1- 70% of the amount to be collected for the acquisition of school supplies. 2- 10% for web development expenses, domains, hosting and security certificate. 3- 20% allocated to the operational expenses of the projectcryptocurrency (We need help for the development of the web. If anyone is willing to help us with the development, domain and hosting, the% willing for the development of web, domain and hosting would be omitted. The 10% omitted will be added to the% for the acquisition of school supplies) We want to provide education for free on the functioning of the blockchain ecosystem and the benefits that this technology could provide. The school supplies will be distributed in the sector: Barrio Las Salinas, in the Rural School of Las Salinas, Carayaca parish, Vargas State, Venezuela. The idea is to reach all schools in the country with this project. The project is carried out with the collaboration of the Red Evolution Club Foundation Playa Las Salinas R.I.F: J-411179094, a foundation that teaches surfing, ecological and artistic workshops with the children of the aforementioned school. For contact:  Ronald Rojas CEO of the Foundation Red Evolution Club Playa Las Salinas R.I.F: J -411179094 Criptorojas@gmail.com @criptorojas - vía telegram  Eth Wallet: 0x68cc8081f1b7987d911582258115c6362a847d04 Nano wallet: xrb_3e1fcxrjmhk6azcia8y7hm967hkc7441h1ku5k87uarssp4dbym8q1cn9ton Doge Wallet: D6aeFSYD9HuGzjk2NhyqaoNNMrqNhKx5TProject Learning is the future: Non-profit project, created to collect donations in cryptocurrency aimed at helping many Venezuelan families who do not have the economic capacity to buy their children the school supplies they need to start their studies. The Venezuelan's economic situation makes it impossible to acquire school supplies so that Venezuelan children can start the new 2018-2019 academic period. We set the following objectives as a priority to carry out the project: Raise the amount of $ 1500 that will be distributed as follows: 1- 70% of the amount to be collected for the acquisition of school supplies. 2- 10% for web development expenses, domains, hosting and security certificate. 3- 20% allocated to the operational expenses of the projectcryptocurrency (We need help for the development of the web. If anyone is willing to help us with the development, domain and hosting, the% willing for the development of web, domain and hosting would be omitted. The 10% omitted will be added to the% for the acquisition of school supplies) We want to provide education for free on the functioning of the blockchain ecosystem and the benefits that this technology could provide. The school supplies will be distributed in the sector: Barrio Las Salinas, in the Rural School of Las Salinas, Carayaca parish, Vargas State, Venezuela. The idea is to reach all schools in the country with this project. The project is carried out with the collaboration of the Red Evolution Club Foundation Playa Las Salinas R.I.F: J-411179094, a foundation that teaches surfing, ecological and artistic workshops with the children of the aforementioned school. For contact:  Ronald Rojas CEO of the Foundation Red Evolution Club Playa Las Salinas R.I.F: J -411179094 Criptorojas@gmail.com @criptorojas - vía telegram  Eth Wallet: 0x68cc8081f1b7987d911582258115c6362a847d04 Nano wallet: xrb_3e1fcxrjmhk6azcia8y7hm967hkc7441h1ku5k87uarssp4dbym8q1cn9ton Doge Wallet: D6aeFSYD9HuGzjk2NhyqaoNNMrqNhKx5T1 Btc Wallet: 1TB9Tjw1Zfb5kiod9CND3RbmraQ6QixXY1 Btc Wallet: 1TB9Tjw1Zfb5kiod9CND3RbmraQ6QixXY
